Some missing traits for Radial intervals at 0 (S135) (#1191)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000135/properties/P000166.md

---
space: S000135
property: P000166
value: true
---

> The Euclidean topology on the plane is coarser than {S135}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Euclidean topology on the plane is coarser than the topology of $X$.
```

> The Euclidean topology on the plane is coarser than {S135}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Euclidean topology on the plane is coarser than the topology of {S135}.
```

Author: Maybe ...`than the {S135} topology.` ? 
Particular formulation of names for spaces (and properties) sometimes makes those inclusions grammatically problematic... It is not the case here but I consider "radial intervals through 0" more a name of topology than of the space. Maybe its my misconception.
The very safe option is `than the topology on $X$.`

Reviewer: > Maybe ...`than the {S135} topology.` ? Particular formulation of names for spaces (and properties) sometimes makes those inclusions grammatically problematic... It is not the case here but I consider "radial intervals through 0" more a name of topology than of the space. Maybe its my misconception. The very safe option is `than the topology on $X$.`

I had originally suggested `than the topology on $X$.` in a comment above, but you had not applied it, so I thought maybe you would prefer this one.  But I agree `than the topology on $X$.` would be the safest.

Author: Maybe I missed something.
